[APM Go] clarify profiling pages for Go Tracer v2 (#28266)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/go.md

## Installation

> If you are using version 2.x of the Go Tracer, follow the import instrumentions marked with `2.x`. Profiler documentation for `dd-trace-go` version 2.x can be found [here][21].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the dd-trace-go v2 preview, follow the import instructions marked with `2.x`. The profiler is not different between v1 and v2.
```

To begin profiling applications:

1. Ensure Datadog Agent v6+ is installed and running. Datadog recommends using [Datadog Agent v7+][19].

2. Get `dd-trace-go` using the command:

    ```shell
    go get gopkg.in/DataDog/dd-trace-go.v1/profiler # 1.x

>     # go get github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-go/v2/profiler # 2.x

Reviewer: Why 1.x and 2.x? The old v1 or v2 comments were fine IMO.

Author: I wanted to keep the comments consistent between here and the code on lines 51/52 so that the new instructions at the top would make more sense. I'm open to changing both to either v1/v2 or 1.x/2.x; what do you think?

    ```
     **Note**: Profiler is available in the `dd-trace-go` library for versions 1.23.0+.

> 3. Import the [profiler][6] at the start of your application:

Reviewer: Keeping the previous links here is okay.
